=head1 ::wsurf::ApplyPreferences

This command should be invoked if the user hits "OK" or "Apply" in an applications preferences dialog to handle global widget preferences.

=head1 ::wsurf::ChooseConfigurationDialog

This command is used to to display the "Choose configuration" dialog.

=head1 ::wsurf::GetConfigurations

Returns a list with available configurations.

=head1 ::wsurf::GetCurrent

Returns the name of the currently active wsurf widget.

=head1 ::wsurf::getopt

This procedure is invoked to handle option parsing of the command line. This allows plug-ins to handle their own command line switches.

=head1 ::wsurf::GetPreference

Returns the current value for specified preference. Syntax:

C<::wsurf::GetPreference preference>

=head1 ::wsurf::GetPreferences

Returns global widget preferences in text form.

=head1 ::wsurf::GetPlugins

Returns a list with available plug-ins.

=head1 ::wsurf::Initialize

This command initializes the wsurf library and should be called before creating the first widget. The command loads all plug-ins, creates default bindings, and sets default preferences. Syntax:

C<::wsurf::Initialize preference ?-plugindir dir? ?-configdir dir?>

The options are used to specify additional directories to search for plug-ins and configurations.

=head1 ::wsurf::MakeCurrent

Makes a wsurf widget current. Syntax:

C<::wsurf::MakeCurrent widget>

=head1 ::wsurf::PreferencePage

This command returns a list with global widget tab names and corresponding notebook page rendering procedures.

=head1 ::wsurf::NeedSave

Returns 1 if there is an unsaved modification to a sound or to related data in a plug-in.

=head1 ::wsurf::SetDefaultPrefs

Sets default values for global widget preferences.

=head1 ::wsurf::SetPreference

Sets specified preference to given value. Syntax:

C<::wsurf::SetPreference preference value>

